# ECE_143_project
## Team 19: Harker Russell, Jake Kim, Pratyush Dwivedi, Ruihao Wei

### File Structure

***ECE_143_project***: Main repo directory
1. **Source_Code**: Source code directory  
*note:* each chart/plot has it's own script e.g. box and whisker plots are generated by running the code `box_and_whisker.py`.
     - `project_functions.py`: All custom functions are located in this file, and imported from this file for use in scripts.  
     - `box_and_whisker.py`: Script that generates box and whisker plots.  
     *note:* The code used to count 'top 5' industries by job post are also in this script, commented out. The count was done in series so it is included in the case that duplication is desired.
     - `word_clouds.py`: Script that generates word clouds as presented.  
     - `cloud.png`: Image file used to create wordcloud mask.  
     - `radial_column.py`: Script that generates radial column chart as presented.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!RENAME!!!! 
     - `Data_Job_NY.csv`: New York state'raw' csv file of data scraped from glassdoor--needed to run scripts.  
     - `Data_Job_SF.csv`: San Francisco area 'raw' csv file of data scraped from glassdoor--needed to run scripts.  
     - `Data_Job_TX.csv`: Texas 'raw' csv file of data scraped from glassdoor--needed to run scripts.  
     - `Data_Job_WA.csv`: Washington state 'raw' csv file of data scraped from glassdoor--needed to run scripts.  
     1. **Archive**: Folder for depricated code.
     2. **__pycache__**  
 
2. **Plots**: contains all generated plots as .png files for easy access.  
 - `project_plots.ipynb`: jupyter notebook which shows all the visualizations generated for the Team 19 presentation.  
 - `README.md`: Read me file outlining file structure, instructions to run code and required third-party libraries and modules

### How to run code
1. Ensure all required third party modules (listed below) are installed.
2. Ensure all files located in *Source Code* folder are kept in the same directory (including job data csv files) as outlined above.  
3. Run scripts files to generate plots (e.g. to generate the word clouds used in our presentation, run `word_clouds.py`.  
     - If not addressed here, read script comments which should be helpful if there are any lower-level issues or questions.  

### Required Third Party Libraries and Modules
1. **Seaborn**  
 - `conda install seaborn`
 - `pip install seaborn`
 - [seaborn documentation](https://seaborn.pydata.org/installing.html)  
2. **Numpy**  
 - `conda install numpy`  
 - `pip install numpy`  
 - [numpy documentation](https://numpy.org/install/)  
3. **Pandas**  
 - `conda install pandas`  
 - `pip install pandas`  
 - [pandas documentation](https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable/getting_started/install.html)  
4. **Next 3rd Party Package**  
 - `conda console command`  
 - `pip console command`  
 - [pandas documentation](https://insert-link-here)  
 